  The girl stands up and looks at you with 
questioning eyes. She seems timid and frightened as well.
She takes a half step towards you and pauses. It seems
she's waiting for something. You say 
nothing unsure what you do or say. She suddenely 
looks completely terror stricken and dashes out 
the door. You try to follow but the door is locked.
  HA HA HA! (Speaker laughs).
"Enjoying yourself? I see you managed to scare off
the only one who could've help you." The voice 
laughs again. "You have 2 choices once you go
through the door. Go to the right, or go to the left.
Both lead to another door. You're currently in the 
center of my domain. Each choice leads to an end. 
Some to towards your escape, and others to your demise!"
You gulp and turn the knob. Carefully you step 
out into the hallway...
  You gulp and turn the knob. Carefully you step 
out into the hallway

  You head down the hallway, which leads to a 
door. Looking back you realize the way back has 
been blocked off by a wall. Huh that wasn't there
before right?
  With no other option you open the door...
  It's dark and hard to see. You step inside and 
the door slams shut behind you. The sound of 
running water can be heard. That seems strange. 
Your feet feel cold and it dawns on you the room
is filling with water!
  Out of nowhere a light is turned on and you can
see the door is sealed tight, this water isn't going
anywhere but up...and fast! It's up to your knees
already!
  You quickly scan the room. No windows. You
look around the floor. There seems to be 
something under the water in the corner. You go
to it and pick it up. "What good is a glass box?"
Something in the back of your mind says smash 
the thing... but that'll just get glass everywhere 
and can't help, right?

You head down the hallway which leads to a 
door. Looking back you realize the way back has
been blocked by a wall. Huh, that didn't use to be 
there...
  With no other option you open the door.
  Inside you see light. "Could be a good thing,"
you tell yourself. You step inside and the door
slams shut behind you. Once your eyes adjust to 
the bright light you look around. Huh it's not a 
room like you've seen before. You seem to be in a 
tent of sorts. Strange.
  There are 4 openings. Looking like escaping will
mean choosing wisely. You walk around just 
inside of each and listen for clues to what could be 
behind each door. 
  Behind the first opening you can hear what
sounds like a child's laughter. Behind the 2nd you
can hear absolutely nothing but it feels warmer.can
The 3rd has a eerie feel to it that you can't quite
place. The last has sounds of water similar to the 
ocean, birds chirping, and a soft breeze. Time to 
make a choice...